Offering shipping discounts can encourage buyers to add more of your items to their purchase. \n \n 
To increase your chance of selling, offer free or discounted shipping. \n \n 
By setting up shipping rules you can automatically apply a discount to the shipping cost when a buyer purchases multiple items, 
offer carrier-specific discounts, or even offer savings on shipping as a promotional tool in your listings. 
How shipping discounts work You can offer shipping discounts to buyers who buy more than one item from you, but first, you need to opt in to  offering combined shipping . 
You can then set up rules that automatically apply to the shipping cost when someone buys multiple items.Depending on whether you offer a flat shipping rate, 
or are using calculated shipping, these discounts work slightly differently.Here's how to check that combined payments are enabled on your account: 
On the  Shipping preferences - opens in new window or tab  page, select Edit beside Allow combined payments and shipping. Choose the time period during which you're willing to combine payment for purchased items and select Save. Flat rate shipping rules If you're offering a flat rate shipping cost, where all buyers pay the same amount, you can apply two different types of shipping rules: Add a fixed amount for each additional item purchased. For example, if the shipping cost on the first item is $5 you could choose to charge just $2 in shipping for each additional purchase Subtract an amount from the shipping charge for each additional item purchased. In the same example as above you could choose to charge $1 less than the initial cost (i.e., $4) for each additional purchase Here's how to create a flat shipping rule: On the  Shipping preferences - opens in new window or tab  page, select Edit beside Flat shipping rule. From the dropdown menu, choose whether to add or subtract an amount for each additional item purchased. Enter the amount to add/subtract. Enter a profile name to give your policy a descriptive name. Select Save. Calculated shipping rules If you're offering a  calculated shipping cost  (where the amount a buyer pays varies based on their location), you can apply rules for combining items into a single package: Automatically combine the weights of all the items in one package. For example, if a buyer purchases 3 items that weigh 4kg each, you can set up a rule that charges shipping for a single 12kg package Automatically combine the weights of the items in one package and subtract a weight amount (in ounces). For example, if a buyer purchases 3 items that weigh 4kg each, you can set up a rule that combines the items in one 12kg package, and automatically deducts 1,000g from the total weight To create calculated shipping rules: On the  Shipping preferences - opens in new window or tab  page, select Edit beside Calculated shipping rule. Choose either Combine all item weights, or Combine all item weights and subtract an amount. Select Next, then specify a rule for your handling costs from the dropdown menu. Enter the amount to be added or subtracted for each additional item. Enter a profile name to give your policy a descriptive name. Select Save. Calculated shipping rules apply only to listings for which you specify both calculated shipping and combined shipping discounts. Promotional shipping discount rules While flat rate and calculated shipping rules are applied when a buyer goes through checkout, you can also use shipping rules as a promotional tool to help attract additional buyers.With promotional shipping discounts, you can create a rule that offers your buyers a discount based on the conditions you set. For example, buyers will be charged no more than $5 for shipping if they buy more than one item. Or, buyers will qualify for free shipping if they spend more than $25.When buyers qualify for your promotional shipping discount, the promotional rule takes priority over your existing flat and calculated shipping rules.Promotional shipping rules apply to all listings which you've specified have a combined shipping discount.Buyers will be able to see these discounts highlighted in your listings.Here's how to set up a promotional shipping discount: On the  Shipping preferences - opens in new window or tab  page, select Edit beside Promotional shipping rule. Fill in your conditions and select Save. TipMake sure you've applied combined shipping rules to all listings where you want to offer a discount. Carrier-specific discounts Shipping carrier discounts let you pass some or all of your savings along to your buyers. You can set up a flat discount off retail or daily rates for domestic and international shipments across all carriers, or you can offer eBay discounted rates for shipping services when you purchase eBay labels. Your changes will be applied to all active and new listings where a shipping cost is specified.When you use eBay labels to ship an item, you only need to pay the shipping cost and the cost of any shipping services you choose, such as signature confirmation. As the exact cost of shipping is detailed, you ensure that the full cost is covered in the sale price to your buyer. However, if you enable these discounts but then go to a carrier retail location to purchase labels (instead of using eBay to print labels), you could end up paying more than the shipping costs charged to your buyer.Here's how to set up a flat discount across all carriers: On the  Shipping preferences - opens in new window or tab  page, select Edit beside Offer discounts to buyers. Fill in your discount preferences by selecting Offer eBay discounted rates to buyers or Offer custom discount to buyers. Select Save. You can't specify different discounts for different services.To set up eBay discounted rates: On the  Shipping preferences - opens in new window or tab  page, select Edit beside Offer carrier-specific discounts for buyers. Select Offer eBay discounted rates to buyers. Check the box beside the eBay discounted rates you wish to offer, and then select Save. To opt out of eBay discounted rates, deselect the boxes next to the rates offered and select Save. How to apply shipping discount rules to your listings For buyers to receive your shipping discounts, you need to apply your rules to the relevant listings. You can do this when creating or editing a listing, or using  business policies .Here's how to apply a shipping discount rule when listing an item: In the  advanced listing tool , go to the Shipping section. Select Apply my promotional shipping rule. Here's how to apply a shipping discount rule to an existing listing: Go to your  Active listings - opens in new window or tab  page. Select Revise next to the listing you want to edit. In the Shipping section, select Apply my promotional shipping rule. Here's how to apply a shipping discount rule to multiple listings: Go to your  Business policies - opens in new window or tab . Select the shipping policy you want to edit. Select the rule(s) you want to apply under Combined shipping discounts. Select Save. The shipping discounts will then be applied to all listings with that shipping policy. \n eBay shipping discount, eBay shipping discounts, shipping discount eBay, eBay shipping discount, eBay shipping discounts